Jiang Yanmei, you made such a big dew
Isn't it just to force me to show up?
Is your life that worthless?
You know I tried to save your worthless disease
How hard have I worked all these years?
Sorry kid
I don't accept your apology.
Xiaonuo
I know I'm sorry for you.
I won't bother you anymore
Just because I raised you
I beg you
I ask you one thing
Don't expose
Kiss kiss
He can't leave his mother's house
He's not like you.
He doesn't have the ability to survive on his own at all
I'm afraid of such a pity
You will definitely suffer in your later years
He won't survive
You called me here just to tell me this
And
I heard Qingqing say that you have been pestering Mr. Lu
Can you please stay away from him?
Kiss him more than you love Mr. Lu
Please, I beg you
Give him to Qingqing
So I'm dead.
No regrets